[docs] Update Config plugins section and add a guide on how to create a config plugin (#35712)
expo/expo: docs/pages/config-plugins/mods.mdx

#### 1. Dedicated config plugin packages

These are npm packages whose sole purpose is to provide a config plugin. For a dedicated config plugin package, you can export your plugin using `app.plugin.js`:

<FileTree
  files={[
    ['app.config.ts', <code>import "expo-splash-screen"</code>],
    ['node_modules/expo-splash-screen', 'Node module'],
    [
      'node_modules/expo-splash-screen/app.plugin.js',
      <>
        <YesIcon /> Entry file for custom plugins
      </>,
    ],
    [
      'node_modules/expo-splash-screen/build/index.js',
      <>
        <NoIcon /> Skipped in favor of <code>app.plugin.js</code>
      </>,
    ],
  ]}
/>

#### 2. Config plugins with companion packages

When a config plugin is part of a Node module without an **app.plugin.js**, it uses the package's `main` entry point:

<FileTree
  files={[
    ['app.config.ts', <code>import "expo-splash-screen"</code>],
    ['node_modules/expo-splash-screen', 'Node module'],
    ['node_modules/expo-splash-screen/package.json', <code>"main": "./build/index.js"</code>],
    [
      'node_modules/expo-splash-screen/build/index.js',
      <>
        <YesIcon /> Node resolve to this file
      </>,
    ],
  ]}
/>

> #### Plugin resolution order

Reviewer: maybe this should be an H3 so it isn't at the same level as the "implemented two ways" section?

2. **Standalone package plugins**: These plugins exist as separate packages and are published to npm. This approach is ideal for reusable plugins that can be shared across multiple projects.

Both approaches provide the same capabilities for modifying your native configuration, but differ in how they're structured and imported. The sections below explain how module resolution works for each approach.

> Any resolution pattern that isn't specified below is unexpected behavior, and subject to breaking changes.

### Project-integrated plugins

With project-integrated plugins, you can implement plugins directly in your project in several ways:

#### Project file

You can quickly create a plugin in your project by creating a JavaScript/TypeScript and use it in your config like any other JS/TS file.

<FileTree
  files={[
    ['app.config.ts', <code>import "./my-config-plugin"</code>],
    [
      'my-config-plugin.ts',
      <>
        <YesIcon /> Imported from config
      </>,
    ],
  ]}
/>

In the above example, the config plugin file contains a bare minimum function:

```ts my-config-plugin.ts
module.exports = ({ config }: { config: ExpoConfig }) => {};
```

#### Project directory

> This is different to how config plugins in Node modules work because **app.plugin.js** won't be resolved by default in a directory. You'll have to manually specify `./my-config-plugin/app.plugin.js` to use it, otherwise **index.js** in the directory will be used.

Author: Noted. Section removed.

Standalone package plugins are published to npm and can be shared across multiple projects, making them ideal for reusable functionality.

> **info** See [Create a module with a config plugin](/config-plugin-and-native-module-tutorial/) for a step-by-step guide on how to create a standalone package plugin.

#### app.plugin.js

Sometimes you want your package to export React components and also support a plugin. To do this, multiple entry points need to be used because the transpilation (Babel preset) could be different. If an **app.plugin.js** file is present in the root of a Node module's directory, it'll be used instead of the package's `main` file.

<FileTree
  files={[
    ['app.config.ts', <code>import "expo-splash-screen"</code>],
    ['node_modules/expo-splash-screen', 'Node module'],
    ['node_modules/expo-splash-screen/package.json', <code>"main": "./build/index.js"</code>],
    [
      'node_modules/expo-splash-screen/app.plugin.js',
      <>
        <YesIcon /> Entry file for custom plugins
      </>,
    ],
    [
      'node_modules/expo-splash-screen/build/index.js',
      <>
        <NoIcon /> Skipped in favor of <code>app.plugin.js</code>
      </>,
    ],
  ]}
/>

> #### Node module default file

Reviewer: riffing off the above note about being prescriptive in the scenarios, I would devote the section-ing to when to use each method, and then describe the resolution order as briefly possible, in a list like "Plugin files in packages are resolved in this order: 1. 2. 3.". Devote most of the space to what folks should do, while also including technical tidbits for those who want to understand the boundaries.

  ]}
/>

## Why app.plugin.js for plugins

> Config resolution searches for a file named **app.plugin.js** first when a Node module ID is provided as a plugin. This is because Node environments are often different to Android, iOS, or web JS environments and therefore require different transpilation presets (for example, `module.exports` instead of `import/export`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Config resolution searches for a file named **app.plugin.js** first when a Node module name is provided as a plugin. This is because Node environments are often different compared Android, iOS, or web JS environments and therefore require different transpilation presets (for example, `module.exports` instead of `import/export`).
```

> Because of this reason, the root of a Node module is searched instead of right next to the **index.js**. Imagine you had a TypeScript Node module where the transpiled main file was located at **build/index.js**, if app config plugin resolution searched for **build/app.plugin.js** you'd lose the ability to transpile the file differently.

Reviewer: I think you could just collapse this into clarifying in the last paragraph that the app.config.js in question must be at the root.
